Date: 20231103
Subject: Revised approach to RDS/NSUM estimation

Hi Selim,

I hope you enjoyed your trip to Turkey. Following Scott's observation that we have collected RDS data on the frame population rather than focusing on the hidden population, we have discussed some possible ways forward and agreed that we trim our data to include only those respondents who identify that their circumstances could be considered abusive - taking the widest possible spectrum of abuse (i.e. including behaviours such as verbal abuse and all other indicators of exploitation). Since 82% of our sample reported verbal abuse, we are hoping that this approach means that we can keep a high proportion of our respondents in our analysis

This approach - and the generation of a risk index - requires some elaboration and further coding of our data set. 

That being the case, would you be able and willing to carry out the following tasks?

Insert a new column for each of the 13 possible risk categories identified (as indicated in the attachment to this email) and, where the respondent indicates that they have experienced each particular form of abuse, assign the weight indicated  into the cell (0 would indicate that that respondent did not report any abuse of that type)

Insert a 'sum' risk category column - which then sums all the weighted risks for each of the 13 abuse categories to give an index value between 0 (no abuse of any kind) and 1( all forms of abuse reported)
Insert one further new column indicating for each respondent whether they report any type of exploitation (broadly defined) coded 0 for no abuse reported and 1 for any  type of abuse reported. (Again, you can use the questions that indicate abuse found in the attached document). It would be useful if you could then let us know how many respondents this leaves in our sample.
If this makes sense to you, do you think that you can press ahead with this coding send through the updated data set to me and Scott? 

If anything here is unclear - or you would like to discuss the weightings I've assigned (which are indeed somewhat subjective) and you'd like a quick chat with me first we can schedule a call next week. 

If you're available, Scott has already sent through a meeting invitation for us all meet again next Friday - for an update on progress/ agree our next steps.

Best wishes
Caroline





Dr Caroline Emberson (preferred pronouns she/her)

Assistant Professor

 

Nottingham University Business School OMIS/ Faculty of Social Science
University of Nottingham

A20, Highfield House

University Park

Nottingham, NG7 2RD

 

+44 (0) 115 8283072 | caroline.emberson@nottingham.ac.uk



Please note that my working days are Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday



Follow us

Facebook.com/UniofNottingham

Twitter.com/UniofNottingham

Youtube.com/nottmuniversity

Instagram.com/uniofnottingham

Linkedin.com/company/university-of-nottingham

Foursquare.com/uniofnottingham

 


Book time to meet with me

