Date: 20240722
Subject: Fw: Nuffield Foundation - Outcome of outline

Hi Scott,

I am encouraged to be moving up the rankings! I submit an outline bid to Nuffield but did not get any further. The feedback that I received is shown below - as you can see it was not very detailed.

The advice I received from Nick Wright and Zoe was that the overall bid should really be in the £350- £400 K ballpark for it to be considered for funding. To achieve this, we shortened the timeframe for the project, and costed RAs for only a proportion of the overall project time. Tori Hayward, the Business School's Research Development Manager presented to an OMIS teams meeting recently and I have included her slides. One of the useful things she discussed was a social science SharePoint site containing successful applications for each scheme - the navigation is on slide 9 - perhaps you can get access to this?

Best wishes
Caroline


Dr Caroline Emberson (preferred pronouns she/her)

Assistant Professor in Operations Management (FHEA)



 

Nottingham University Business School OMIS/ Faculty of Social Science
University of Nottingham

B12,Si Yuan Building

Jubilee Campus

Nottingham, NG8 1BB 

+44 (0) 115 8466631 | caroline.emberson@nottingham.ac.uk



Please note that my working days are Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday



Follow us

Facebook.com/UniofNottingham

Twitter.com/UniofNottingham

Youtube.com/nottmuniversity

Instagram.com/uniofnottingham

Linkedin.com/company/university-of-nottingham

Foursquare.com/uniofnottingham

 

Book time to meet with me
From: Nuffield Foundation Applications <applications@nuffieldfoundation.org>
Sent: 13 December 2023 15:25
To: Caroline Emberson (staff) <lizce@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk>
Cc: applications@nuffieldfoundation.org <applications@nuffieldfoundation.org>
Subject: Nuffield Foundation - Outcome of outline 
 
You don't often get email from applications@nuffieldfoundation.org. Learn why this is important
Please quote ref: FR-000024493

Dear Dr. Emberson,

Re: Co-producing Behavioural Improvements In The Provision Of Unformalised Domestic Care

Thank you for your outline application for a Nuffield Foundation grant, which we have now had a chance to consider.
 
I am sorry to tell you that your proposal has not been shortlisted for proceeding to a full grant application. We received a large and strong array of outlines, and given very competitive grant rounds we are only able to shortlist a small proportion of the requests we receive. 
 
Due to the large volume of applications we receive in each round, we do not provide detailed feedback on most outlines. However, we can say that although your proposal tackles an interesting topic of relevance to our interests, in comparison to the many other outlines we received it scored less highly on the other criteria we use to assess applications. The assessment criteria we use can be found in our Guide for Applicants. A proposal may score well against some of the criteria but still not be shortlisted if it does not score sufficiently well against others. 
 
Thank you again for taking the time to submit your outline to us for consideration. I am sorry to send a disappointing reply, and wish you luck in your search for funds. 
 
Yours sincerely,

Dr Catherine Dennison
Programme Head, Welfare

Nuffield Foundation
100 St John Street, London, EC1M 4EH
E: applications@nuffieldfoundation.org
 

