Date: 20240415
Subject: Re: NRM numbers(?)

.. on further reflection your question has prompted me to review the total which, at the moment includes both adult and child referrals. Given that all the DWs we surveyed where over 23 I think that we should perhaps use a recalculated total of only adults. I'll do that tomorrow and email you the result for when you're back.



Dr Caroline Emberson (preferred pronouns she/her)

Assistant Professor in Operations Management (AFHEA)



 

Nottingham University Business School OMIS/ Faculty of Social Science
University of Nottingham

B12,Si Yuan Building

Jubilee Campus

Nottingham, NG8 1BB 

+44 (0) 115 8466631 | caroline.emberson@nottingham.ac.uk



Please note that my working days are Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday



Follow us

Facebook.com/UniofNottingham

Twitter.com/UniofNottingham

Youtube.com/nottmuniversity

Instagram.com/uniofnottingham

Linkedin.com/company/university-of-nottingham

Foursquare.com/uniofnottingham

 


Book time to meet with me
From: Scott Moser (staff) <ldzsm2@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk>
Sent: 15 April 2024 16:32
To: Caroline Emberson (staff) <lizce@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk>
Subject: Automatic reply: NRM numbers(?) 
 
Thank you for your email. I am away from my email until April 18th and will respond on my return.

 

The university will be closed from Friday 29 March to Tuesday 2 April (inclusive). The summer term will start on Monday 29th April. The University website provides more information about services available on campus over the Easter Break, and their opening hours. 

 

However, if you are a student needing assistance in this time, the following support is available:

 

Library Support

These library web pages contain everything you need to know about accessing library resources and services before, and during, the break.

 

Mental Health and Wellbeing

There are many mental health & wellbeing resources here to help you pro-actively take care of your mental health and wellbeing during the break and support and wellbeing appointments can be booked online.

