Hello. Hi, Carolyn. This is Scott, obviously. I'm really sorry for missing our Monday meeting
I've been and am in administrative duties hell Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and then
I returned to marking hell. So I have done work and I wanted to try and update you and
my typing is quite poor and my spelling is even worse. So I thought one quickly would
just be to send you a recording. So here's a somewhat, I tried to organize my thoughts,
but right. Here's a suit. Here's where I'm at and what I was hoping to have discussed
with you on Monday, but again, I missed it. So I'm, I'm, I'm sorry about that. Okay.
So, bring it up. Here we go. I think the first thing for me when approaching when
re-approaching this, and I think I've got my head around, I've re got my, I've got my head
re around these things. So I start with conceptualization and population, which let me call the setting.
So the first question is what is the population? I think we have a very clear answer to that
is domestic workers in the UK, more technically it is domestic workers in the UK that have
a mobile phone during survey fielding. Maybe that have had a cert that have had a mobile
phone in the calendar year proceeding the survey fielding, something like that. Okay.
So if that's the population, which I think that we're sampling from, which I believe
it is, and I think that's very well defined and that's fantastic. I think the target population,
this hidden population, so to speak, are domestic workers in the UK that have a cell
phone that have experienced exploitation or modern slavery in the past 12 months. There's
a few ways that we can operationalize that. You and Salim, and me a little bit, but really
it was all you, I think have come up with three very principled ways to do this. The
first two are dichotomies. So this would be a question 36 dichotomized. This is the simply
do you get paid less than the legal minimum wage. And question 80 also dichotomized, which
is have you been through the national referral mechanism, or have you been referred to the
national referral? To my mind, these are both very high bars. Like if people answer yes
truthfully to either of those questions, I think, and I'm not a subject of that expertise
whatsoever, but I think we can be very confident that yes, that person counts as a member of
the hidden population. I think that's true. We also discussed and you and Salim, mainly
you developed a continuous measure. So here the idea, I think, is conceptually different.
So in this third idea, which I think is called, sorry, I took notes and clearly I can, this
is like the some categories or some cut. The idea is you developed a series of indicators,
it sounds like eight or 12 or 16. And we just sort of normalize them and said, you know,
how many of these indicators, and actually there was a waiting to them, do you satisfied,
and then we're going to come up with some number between zero and one that represents your
exposure to the risk of experiencing modern slavery. So this can, if we use that as a
measurement, as a separate measurement, as a continuous measurement of not experiencing
modern slavery, but risk of experiencing modern slavery, that might sound like I'm splitting
hairs, but I think both methodologically in terms of dichotomies versus continuous,
but more importantly, I think conceptually, those are quite different, because in the latter
case, if we're, if we claim that we're measuring risk of exposure, then, then I think the population
is to be a little bit re, well, then the hidden population definitely needs to be redefined.
So the V population that we're sampling premise still domestic workers in the UK that have
a cell phone, yada, yada, yada. But in this third continuous operationalization of experiencing
modern slavery or more formally risk, let's call it a risk index, and I've called it like
24 different things, and I'm sorry. But in that world, we're asserting that everyone in
the population has some value of this variable. That is to say, everyone in the population,
domestic workers in the UK that we're sampling from, have some risk of experiencing modern
slavery, then that risk might be zero. Okay, fine. So, but, but again, conceptually, I think
that's important. Okay. So one, don't know if that's correct or not, but that's where I'm,
that's one, that's where I started with. Okay. So then, so we've got the population, we've got
the target population. So now how are we sampling? So where is this data coming from? So this, we
sort of spent a few rounds and months on this, but I think it was productive, although perhaps not
what you wanted to hear or I wanted to hear or whatnot. But I think where we landed was, well,
look, what do we have? We have a convenient sample. We have an RDS sample, a respondent-driven
survey in which the respondents are members of the population. We're sampling from domestic workers
in the UK that have a cell phone, right? Yada, yada, yada. We're sampling from that population.
Initially, there are seeds and then we're doing an RDS with five coupons to,
to, to branch out, to do the, the RDS or the, the, the modified snowballs, not exactly snowballs,
whatever. Okay. Again, these are my beliefs. So please, right, correct me if, if, if, if I'm
wrong. Okay. So that's the data that we have to work with. So now the question is, what do we
do with that data? I want to add one additional aspect to the, the data, the, the sample I should
say, let me separate that from the data we're talking about in a second. In, in that functionally,
the sample, again, none of this is criticism whatsoever, but functionally, the sample comes from
three groups or we're sampling from three subgroups within the population of domestic
workers in the UK that have a cell phone. Those are people from the Philippines, maybe they're here
on a visa, maybe they just identify as Philippine, no, Filipina. Latinx, again, by self-identified
origin, ethnicity, I don't remember the exact wording and other, and, and British born. And
that one, British born, I think pretty sure is a, is a, is actually asked. I don't have the question
number on, on me. So if we wanted to, we could say, okay, well, look, there's really within this
here sample, there's three distinct clusters by say, nationality. I think we, I think we could
assert that with veracity. It's been a long few days and it's only Tuesday. I'm sorry. Okay. So
that these natural three subgroups or clusters, Latinx, Filipino a and, and British born, I think.
Okay. All right. So that's the sample. So then let me, we've got, I hope you're drinking a lot of tea
or coffee and pausing and or deleting this video. Okay. So then before I get to analysis, I want to do
a few data issues. So, so one, do we know anything about these sizes? So do we know anything about
estimates of the number of domestic workers in the UK? So I found two websites once
one's official UK is nationalcareers.service.gov.uk job groups. So they sort of,
I'm guessing it's census based, but they're, they're these job groupings. And another is from
some organization in the UK called BICS. I've already forgotten what that stands for. But
it looks like there's some maybe a sense of the number of domestic workers in the UK. It depends
on how you count like these, you know, is this home cleaning? Is it daycare? Is it institutionalized?
Is it not? And like I said, this is just a very preliminary thing. Okay. So that's one numbers.
One A numbers. Well, actually, we could estimate the number of domestic workers in the UK from
your very clever sample because of the RDS nature. So one of the questions in the survey is how many
other domestic workers do you know in the UK? And then ask for some, some recruitment information.
But just asking the how many. So basically what I'm saying is we're sampling from the population
of domestic workers in the UK. And one of the questions is how many other people in this
population do you know? So we can use that information to estimate the size of the population
where the population means domestic workers in the UK. Okay. So that's another that's I'm exploring
that currently as a possible additional source of information. By the way, that is using older,
I'm just saying this for the record. Sorry. So that's using sort of the the
uh, guile at all, but the early stuff. So 2010, 2011, uh, stuff that the stuff we'll talk about
in a second. The for analysis is a bit later 2014, 2015, a bit later. Okay. So what I'm saying is
the population, we can try and estimate the size of the number of domestic workers in the UK,
which might be of interest for a number of reasons. For me is of interest because we need that number
for later calculations and that can come from a few sources. I found two online, maybe they're
valid, maybe they're not. The third is we could try and estimate that from your survey. I'm working
on that currently, but it's giving weird answers. Like it's way too small and it's taking way too
long to run. So whatever, I'm just saying that for the record. Okay. Now I don't remember what number
we're up to. Analysis. Uh, so step one, let's just take it from the literature. Let's do the
guile at all. So this is the so-called SSPS. So this is the successive sampling population size
estimates. And uh, Krista Guile, who again, small world, we were neighbors at it in our postdoc at
doctor comes up with this very clever way of exploiting additional information within RDS
samples that essentially takes into account. What's really cool about it is that it uses
when, at which wave did you appear in the sample as an additional piece of information?
And the idea being that those with larger personal networks, so if I'm a seed and I give two recruits,
odds are those two recruits have bigger social networks than say the other people
that I didn't recruit. Basically, that's the idea and, and so on and so forth. Okay. So it uses this
idea, which overcomes it. It mitigates a lot of biases that were in so-called RDA1 and RDA2,
sorry, RDS1 and RDS2. I've also seen it called RDSA and RDSB volts, etc, etc, etc. So this SSPSC
seems to be, as far as I can tell, pretty, pretty state of the art. Okay. So we can just take that
from the literature. We can do estimation. There's a few hiccups, but nothing that we can't overcome.
And we get proportions. We get proportions of the population, which currently we don't know the
size of, but we can come up with some sensible ways of estimating it that are experiencing,
that are in the hidden population, that are experiencing modern slavery, however defined,
via Q36 or Q80, both dichotomized, which again, to my mind, are very sort of high bars. Like,
if you're saying yes to either Q36 or Q80, again, dichotomized, like, there's very good,
if you're answering honestly, there's very, very good reasons to think that
you're a member of the hidden population, that you're a domestic worker in the UK with a cell
phone, mobile phone, sorry, American, that is being exploited, that is, that is experiencing
modern slavery. Okay. So we can do that. And then there's, there's some sort of very, very recent,
most recent I found was the McLaughlin at all, 2023. I don't even know if I've sent it around.
Sorry if I haven't. That says, yeah, yeah, that's great. But essentially, the number of people that
I report, it's really clever. It says basically, the number, I might not know the number of people
that I know. And so the number of people that I report shouldn't be taken too literally. Essentially,
you should be taken, sort of what they do is they just add a measurement error components. They say,
yeah, well, you might not actually know, you might not truthfully report the number of people that
you know that, that are in your personal network, that are in our world, that are domestic workers
in the UK that have such and such characteristics. Okay, so we can do all that. And I have done,
done that. And, and the answer is really high proportions, something like 30 to 40%.
Depending on a few, you know, which question we use, priors, which model, etc, etc. But
pretty consistently 30 to 40%. Sorry, let me say differently.
And concurrent with the preliminary stuff I sent, whatever it was, months ago,
something like 30, 40% of domestic workers in the UK, if that's the population,
we are estimating to be experiencing modern slavery again, depending on how we're defining it.
It's one of these two dichotomous, dichotomous variables. And, and again, you know, those
caveats, however, I will say this, I was worried about a few things. Because when I first saw that,
I thought, wow, that's really high. I thought. So maybe there's some convergence issues,
doesn't look like it looks like the things have converged pretty well.
