Hi everyone, I'm sorry I'm running late, the perpetual IT problems. How are you all doing?
It's good to see you. It just seems such a long time since we've met. I was saying to
Celine, have I seen you since Christmas and I haven't done what we met at the beginning of
December I think last time? That's right. Gosh, doesn't the time fly? It sure does. In fact,
I never know when it's too late to say this, but happy new year, happy 2024.
I hope it's off to a good start, but now even January is gone, so yeah, time really is flying,
but hopefully y'all are enjoying 2024 as it is. It's pretty busy. It seems that way.
So this is your heavy teaching term, is that right? Yeah, that's right. We were just talking
about teaching, weren't we? I'm still stuck with, I just can't, marking just never seems to end.
It's just forever. I know and eat cakes, which you are very kind to suggest to Celine, but
yeah, I just keep thinking like, okay, once I get this done, then I can do x or y and it
never ends, but anyway. I'm so, so glad we found time for this. Thank you so much everyone.
I confess, I haven't, I tried to prepare a little bit, but I don't exactly, thank you for your memo
or agenda, Caroline, let me pull it up. Yeah, I thought that just might help us sort of try
and cover off the main things that you discussed in your videos, which were great, by the way.
Really good idea to sort of capture it, capture your thinking about particular stage.
The honest truth is, I'm so bad at typing and spelling that I just figure my
healer recording is often just much more efficient. But thank you for taking the
time to be in and summarize. I think that's exactly right. What do you think?
I think it's great. I'm so pleased that you think we're still in with a shot with this
data. I think it's just fantastic what you're doing and whatever support I can give you,
and well, I can't speak for Celine, but let him speak for himself. But yeah, I think it's
really, really interesting how you're thinking about it, how you're conceptualizing the data
and these new approaches that you've suggested, I think it's fantastic.
It's all from, it's all thanks to you all. I mean, I wouldn't, I wouldn't be anywhere near
this project, we're not for you all. So thank you. So am I right in thinking about this though?
So the population are domestic workers in the UK, and then the hidden population are those
that are experiencing modern slavery. Pardon me one second, just realize my back leg. Give me one
second to not look like a monster. I'm sorry about that. I'm very sorry. And that the hidden
population are domestic workers in the UK that are experiencing modern slavery and we can catch
that out in one of three different ways, I think. So dichotomously, which again, I think, and
Carolyn, you get credit for this, the two questions I don't remember at the top of my head,
it was like 36 and 80 or something. They're very, in my opinion, they're very high bar.
And so I think that's great. And then there's this kind of risk index that we put together,
which could be like another. So help me out. So if we use this continuous risk index,
then isn't the population that we're sampling from or I guess what I'm trying to say is
are we making an assumption that everyone in the population is
has some degree to exposure of risk of experiencing modern slavery?
Yeah, this is interesting because the two indicators and I've picked up your question
number. So I hope they are correct. Selim will be able to check for us. But there are two
the way that exploitation is currently conceptualized is on a spectrum. And at one end, you have
minor infringements such as the national living wage, which would be the question 36. Are you
paid sufficiently? And then at the extreme exploitation end, you'd have modern slavery
question 80. So we've got two discreet markers on that scale. So I wouldn't equate
failure to pay the national living wage with modern slavery. I don't think we can say that
conceptually, but it is a form of exploitation and modern slavery is the most extreme form of
exploitation. And then so we've got those two that you've sort of very cleverly identified as
dichotomous variables, you're either a modern slave or you're not. And if you're either paid
illegally or you're not. And then we've got this risk index, which is a more the gray area in
between, which is the this composite variable. Does that help? Perfect. It helps a ton. No,
thank you for and this is again, this is why it's so awesome to work with you all. But
so I even my language was wrong. It's actually be thinking about exploitation. And modern slavery
is one extreme form of exploitation. But really, that there's this spectrum, and that that's
enormously helpful that that helps me in thinking about the. Yeah, okay, that's really great. So
then in that case, okay, so then the, the, the, the population is still domestic workers in the UK.
I'm just thinking aloud, sorry for that domestic workers in the UK. And then we're the hidden
population are exploited workers with then exploited domestic workers in the UK, where
that exploit measuring that exploitation, we do in three different ways. One is this sort of
minimal one is maximal and one is this, like you said, the gray area. I love that. I think that's
I didn't even, I didn't really, I didn't, Caroline, okay, good. Okay, so in that case, the, so, so,
so the, I guess one thing I can say, and I think I said the videos, I am surprised at how much more
confident I am in the estimates from way back when currently they seem, I'm willing to put my name
to them. I mean, they seem quite real. They're, they're, they're, in my opinion, they're shockingly
high. They're, they're very consistently depending on a bunch of model parameters, but sort of 30%
is a conservative estimate. So there's something like 30 to 40%. So, so the interpretation there is
again, depending on how we think about and measure exploitation, 30 to 40% of domestic
workers in the UK are experiencing some form of exploitation. And in fact, I can even tell you
the, the maximal one I was just looking at it is, so was it, it's question 80 is the, is the more
extreme one. Yeah, 30.7% is the estimate with a pretty reasonable estimate of uncertainty.
So I think this will make our message much more, it sort of tones it down a bit if we talk about
exploitation. If we talked about 30, 40% in modern slavery, that's very dramatic. Yes. And we'll be
a front page of the Guardian, which we don't necessarily want to be that dramatic. So I think
if we talk about labor exposition, it just tones it down slightly. And we're acknowledging that
modern slavery is an extreme form, but it's not the sole focus of the topic. So hopefully that
makes you feel a bit more comfortable about the size of the problem as well. It does. And, and
like I said, thank you. I'm so glad. And I don't know, I feel kind of foolish actually, because
like the more we talk, the more I realize, Oh, actually, I'm not, I haven't actually been thinking.
Anyway, so like this modern slavery versus exploitation business is, yeah, now these
results make a lot of sense. I mean, they're really, really high, but they're consistent. And if you,
so for example, if you look at the estimated proportion that are experiencing this extreme
form of slavery, it's 12% less than the estimated proportion of those experiencing the mildest form
of exploitation, which logically makes perfect sense. And the intervals makes some sense.
That's good. So that's sort of sanity. So I suppose that on what we, what I have done when I put
the composite together was mixed up these fair, the dichotomous and the continuous variable. So
we need to separate that out now, obviously. So we have another stab at that. So you, did you follow
that? The logic that Scott sent through about this difference between, because I've mixed up
labor exploitation, question 30, whatever it is, with the other risk indicators of forced labor,
I put it as a weighting at 0.3. And actually, we can't do that. Well, I can't do that.
Because it that'll affect the composite variable calculation. So it won't be accurate the way
I've currently specified it. I don't know which document or email you're referring to.
I know there's been the email video record from Dr. Mauser, and you have responded to it
just before this meeting. So you sent me an email before this meeting. Right. You know,
this was really sort of what came out of Scott's earlier. I can't remember when we discussed it.
Let me revise the composite measures and send those through to you. Well, send them through to
both of you, but particularly to Selim, because we'll need to recalculate those composite values
based on the understanding that we've mixed up a dichotomous variable with a continuous
risk indication variable. If you sent me the document or whatever, I should
just recalculate it. I can do that. No problem. Brilliant. I'm sorry it's extra work because
it means going back and redoing something that we'd already asked you to do. That's part of the
work. It's much clearer now. I think we're sort of learning as we go up. It's heuristic.
But so hang on, Caroline. I think I'm about to have a second mental breakthrough for the day.
So I understand the composite measure that we made is like this weighted sum of these various
indicators, but I missed why you think it... What's wrong with it? Because I've included
question 36, and I've given it a slightly heavier weighting, but I've included it
within the composite risk. I see. So I think I wasn't very happy when I did it, and I think
it's probably better if we split it out. And then we've got this clarity about
these two, the question 36 and the question 80, are clearly illegal activities, but at
different ends of the scale. And the other risk factors provide a composite picture,
which could be indicative of forced labour. It's much cleaner if we do it that way.
Okay. I think I see now. So it's not necessarily the case that... I think, again, thank you so
much. So I was originally thinking, okay, exploitation is on a spectrum. We have these
two kind of endpoints, question 36 and question 80, and that the composite measure would sort of be
in between these two endpoints. But if I'm understanding you, that's not really the
right way to think about it. We have... So, okay, that's one way to interpret. Here's a
second way to interpret. Yes, exploitation is on a continuum, and here we have indicators for the
endpoints. And then separately, we have this continuous indicator, which doesn't necessarily
fit in between these two endpoints. Maybe it does, maybe it doesn't, but it's not the case that...
Does that make sense? It's not the case... Yeah, I think that's more accurate, it's separate.
I think it's separate. Again, thank you so much. Seriously, that was a second...
In the last 15 minutes, you've given me two... Okay, that's very helpful. And actually, that
will help me in interpreting the... I was a bit uncertain how to interpret the estimate of the
continuous indicator, but this discussion helps me a lot in understanding what those results are
saying relative to the dichotomous measures. So, thank you. So, that was clear to me from
your discussion about this difference between dichotomous variables and a continuous one.
So, I think if you're happy with that approach, I think that sort of moves this forward, although
it means redoing a bit of work. Perfect, and also just to be totally clear, I wasn't aware
that's what I was saying. So, really, you get credit for that, Caroline, completely. That's
really... No, no, that's awesome. Okay, so that's a huge clarification. I do have... And I don't want
to hijack the conversation at all. I have sort of a big, I guess, two medium-sized questions,
and then some really kind of obnoxious, small, but technical questions, if I may.
Yeah, go ahead, go ahead. So, the... Okay, I guess maybe... Okay, let me do the small ones first.
So, right. So, the don't know is the data stuff is fine. There's one nagging data
issue that I still have, and it's this business about zeros. So, some people... I don't remember,
I think I said 17 or something, a handful of people report knowing zero domestic workers in the UK.
So, the reporting that their network size is zero. Now, some of these are clearly an error,
because then when it comes to the referral question, can you give us the cell phone of a
domestic worker in the UK? They provide one. So, some people who say, I know zero people in the
UK, then provide a cell phone of a domestic worker in the UK. So, clearly, those people are wrong.
So, I'm comfortable sort of finding them and turning their zeros into at least one. Again,
that's conservative, because we know that they've reported at least one. So, one... Okay, so that's
one issue. And then two, there's still some extra zeros. Some people who say, no, I know zero people
in... Sorry, I know zero domestic workers in the UK, and I've reported zero. And I don't exactly
know why, but those zeros are messing up the estimators. The estimators can't handle... I'm
guessing it's like a divide by zero problem or something like that, where... So, the question is,
what to do with the true zeros? Two options. One is we just sort of
gin it up and say, let's just add one for everybody, which isn't really...
I mean, it solves a problem technically, but it's really, really sketchy. Or two,
remove the true zeros. So, what to do with the true zeros is one question. And then the easier
question is, what do we think about turning the wrong zeros into ones? Are we comfortable with
that? Again, we're talking about a handful of people, but with a sample size of 97,
a handful of people is not true. So, does that make sense? The two questions make sense?
Are my... Yes, no, it does make sense. I mean, I'm tempted to say, take them out. I don't know what
that does to the... That seems... Because anything else is a fudge, isn't it? Exactly, exactly. So,
what I have been doing is just adding one to everybody and just saying... But I completely
agree with you that what it does is it does increase our uncertainty. And I think it increases it
a bit. I don't remember exactly, but I agree with you that that's the most principled. Are we okay
turning the zeros into ones for people who do the nominate or make a referral? Or should we...
Are we turning them into the number that they nominate? Yeah, exactly. So, if they nominated
two people, we turn them into twos. And then one, if they nominate one, is that how we're doing it?
Exactly. That's how we could do it, which I... Yeah, we can do it. I'm comfortable with that
myself if you all are. Yeah, I think if we take out the ones that are through zeros,
I don't know what the implications of that has for how we're sampling. But I mean, if we just say
that's what we've done, it's a limitation of the estimating technique, really, isn't it?
Yes, that's right. It's not a data limitation. It's not a data limitation. It's an estimation.
You're 100% right. Yeah, it's a limitation of the estimation. That's right. Sorry.
Yeah, so I think we can probably just say that.
So it's... And so we've got two things that we're doing then. So we're taking out
the true... The ones that really are zeros. And for the ones that do nominate,
we're then increasing their... We're correcting the data. Yes, exactly.
To reflect that they do know...
They do have other people in there. They do have other domestic workers in their networks.
Yes, exactly. And I think that's conservative. But I have to say, what I mean is I think...
What we're doing is we're saying, well, we don't know this person's degree size. We know that it's an
error. And so we're assigning it a value that's the smallest possible size it could be. If you've
nominated two people, given two cell phone numbers, we know that you know at least two...
Maybe you know more that you just haven't nominated. So by changing the zero to a two in that case,
I think what we're doing is we're underestimating that person's network size, which I think is
conservative. What I mean is I think that won't inflate our estimates. I think. I should double
check that though. But if it's... I'm almost sure it is. But anyway, that should be my homework.
But if so, then I think that's perfectly fine. Because we're kind of shooting ourselves in
the foot really. So whatever we find is gonna be... Yeah, I think it's gonna be fine. So
because the degree size... Yeah. So there's sort of two-part solutions to that problem.
So we take out the true ones, and then we
modify the data to reflect the actual sample size for the others.
Those both sound reasonable to me. Selim, does that sound okay?
I have the similar suggestion that you have made. Based on the number or the amount of people they
have provided the phone numbers. So we could take the amount of the phone numbers they have provided,
although they have reported in the earlier question that they don't know any other domestic
workers in the UK. So modifying it should make it consistent with the other existing
survey findings. Good. Excellent. Great. Thank you. Okay. Now that's what that is. Excellent.
So, let's see. In increasing order of easiness.
Yeah. Increasing order of easiness. Okay, I'll save this. So what do we want to see? But that's at
the end. Domestic worker size. So I went back and double-checked, and it's true.
The thing that we're estimating is a proportion. But to do that, one of the inputs... So we have
this R data, and we have a bunch of parameters, and all that's great. One of the inputs that's
required for the estimators that I'm currently using, not for the INSOM estimator, but for the
RDS estimators, is a guess, is a prior belief on the size of the population that we're sampling from.
So what that means is, ideally, we would know how many domestic workers there are in the UK
with a cell phone. So we know the number, the size of the population that we're sampling from.
And of course, not necessarily the number of those experiencing exploitation.
This doesn't have to be a hard and fast number. It can be like, well, here's my best guess,
or here's a ranger, or whatever, whatever. But we need that number. And I've been looking,
I thought it would be easy to find a labor statistic site or something. And I haven't come
up with a great number, or one that I'm super happy with. My best guess is something like 1.7 million,
which sounds a bit high. But then again, there's a lot of people in the UK. Anyway,
so if you have suggestions on where to get reliable information on the number of domestic
workers in the UK in the period that you all were sampling, that would be great.
What I've been doing is just making up numbers. And I've been making up numbers and increasing
them by orders of magnitude. So suppose there's 10,000. Suppose there's 100,000. Suppose there's
a million, and seeing how, just as a very crude way to see how those inputs affect the outputs.
And the good news is they seem to affect the outputs not very much. So this is great news,
actually. This means our estimates are relatively insensitive to the prior knowledge, namely the
number of domestic workers in the UK. That said, at some point, we'll need to settle on a number
that we'll use. And of course, we'll say see appendix for robustness. But for the stuff that
we report, I'll need a number. Does anyone have any thoughts on where to find information on that?
Well, the only thing that we've suggested in the past, which may not be very helpful,
is the overseas domestic worker visa numbers. Because that is a fixed statistic that
ought to relate to how many visas for a six month period, because they last for six months,
and then they expire, and people have to go home, in theory. And I can't remember off the top of
my head what that number was, but I think it was around 76,000. It sounds about right. Yeah, yeah.
So if we, I mean, that's my best stab at an official statistic. I don't know if you've come
across anything. We have adopted to the most recent publishing from, I think it was also in
Guardian, and it also referred Guardian of Times, that news article, and it also referred to the
Government UK page. So they regularly published that. So yeah, it was about 70 or 80,000, I think.
So I don't know how satisfactory that is. I haven't, I'm not familiar with the web pages
you mentioned that you looked at. So if it's possible to send me the link, I could have a look
and see if I can, if that sort of turns into any more robust ideas. But at the moment,
the only thing I can suggest, which doesn't help us for the non British, sorry, for the British
Nationals, but. Yeah, a bit. I mean, it's fine. The good news is like the quality of results are
really, really robust, again, surprisingly robust. So, you know, we can see, here's a number that we
can use and we can give a site to and say, clearly, this is an underestimate. Again, C appendix B for
sensitivity analysis. Yeah, I'm perfectly fine with that. I'm perfectly fine with that because the
results are again, qualitatively are really consistent. So I'm fine with that. So, so no,
thank you for that. Thank you for that. Okay, I've got two more on one, what at least one I think
is a bit is a bit tricky. So I've been as to so I you can identify three groups, three subgroups
here, at least I'm sure you all could probably identify more. Those by ethnicity, so those coming
from the Philippines. Those are easy to identify. Those that come from some Spanish speaking countries,
like Bolivia, Colombia, but also Spain, and UK nationals who aren't one of these who aren't in the
first two categories. The question is, do we want to do anything with that information in the
following sense? In fact, Caroline, you suggested we could perform estimation separately, like
completely separately, like, like, just use this group data, just use this data, just use this
data and get three different sets. The UK people, I mean, it's really small. So the main interest
is on the, now, so for the Philippines, I'm pretty comfortable with that. I wanted to get your thoughts
on, well, so the general question is, do we want to do anything with that information? Here are
some things we could do. Split them up into three groups, perform analyses separately, but especially
between the two non-UK national groups. Question mark. If so, how comfortable are we group, the
Philippine one, the Philippine group subgroup seems pretty very straightforward, very justified to me.
Are we okay lumping Ecuadorians with Bolivians with Spanish, you know, sort of putting all
Spanish people coming from Spanish speaking countries together? When I say together, I mean in
the same subgroup, to which we will perform our estimation. What do you think?
I don't know what sensitivities we might be, and the thing that comes to mind is Burt,
if I'm not Burt, and his class, have you ever read a paper by Cyril Burt about,
it's highly controversial, racist science, and actually he lumped people together and measured
their brain size and then concluded that people in certain racial groups had smaller brains.
I remember this, yeah. And there's been a huge critique, obviously, of this paper,
and it was depicted as racist science because of the assumptions that he made when he grouped
people. And I don't know what the sensitivities are about grouping Ecuadorians and Spanish people
into some sort of larger category. And I don't know whether that any, if we did that it would,
I don't know either. Stand the test of time, or whether we might be called out in the future for
some sort of atrocity that we don't even know we're committing. Okay. So I don't know about that.
I want, is there value in doing the Filipino grouping to me as far as I can predict sounds safer?
Yeah. And is it, does it show any distinction, any distinct differences from taking the,
I don't know. I tell you to take your point. Thank you. It's a very good, I hadn't even thought
about the sort of test of time aspect. That's a really, really good point. My one reason for
doing, my reason for doing this is twofold. One is just very, very technical because the
estimators that I'm using have this underlying assumption that truly in the world the social
network is connected, which means that there's some path between the Ecuadorian in our sample
and the Filipino in our sample. Somebody, this person knows somebody who knows somebody who
knows somebody who knows this person. Fine. We don't have to make that assumption,
but it makes my life a lot easier. I think there's reasons to challenge that assumption,
namely by language, for example, you might think that this, that a group of
Philippine domestic workers are, are separate, are separated from
maybe, and maybe that's the racist of me to say in the first place, but
I'm not suggesting we're being racist. I'm just using that as an example, but I think
Bert did when he realized he was making a racist assumption when he did it. I think we just have
to be careful that we might not understand the assumptions we're making. I think that's
right. So what I'm hearing from you is maybe just don't subgroup. Well, the second reason I was,
I raised this, I wanted to separate this is because, because of these, in my opinion,
relatively large estimated proportions, I was curious about heterogeneity, right? Like where,
where are these big numbers coming from, basically? So that was sort of a more substantive
motivation. And to answer your question, Caroline, I don't know. I haven't actually performed,
I haven't done the estimation by subgroup. So I don't even know if there's anything interesting
there. So maybe I should do that first. This might be moot, I guess is,
I don't know the answer to your question. But what I'm hearing is like, play it safe and don't,
maybe it's not such a good idea. Maybe we just leave, we leave the analysis at the,
using the entire sample all at once and just state the assumptions and move on.
I don't know. It's tempting. It's tempting to have a look at it. I mean, particularly for me,
for the Filipino group, because we've got quite a large, two thirds of the group is Filipino. So
could we somehow test the distinction between the Filipino group and the broader sample?
Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Yeah.
That strikes me as being a sort of safe test. Initially, dip our toe in the water
with hopefully out and not offending anybody by, by means that we know that we don't understand.
And like I said, that's actually, on my end, that's a much easier data task,
because identifying that subgroup is just easier.
Nicely, clearly delineated.
Yeah. So thank you. I'll do that and include that in my next, like I said, I haven't,
I just haven't done that analysis. But yeah, I'll do that. Okay, that sounds great.
Okay, so the last hard question is, what do we want to present? What do you want me to make tables?
Do you want me to make pictures? Do you want me to make p values? Like what, what do we want to,
from the results, what do we want to show? And how do we want to show it? I don't know if I'm
being clear. I'm probably being overly vague, aren't I? So we'll have.
Thank you. No, I think it's a really, really reasonable question. It's just one I don't think
that I know the answer to. So I suppose it's tied into where we think this might be publishable.
And how technical a journal that is, and whether it's a journal that would
require that sort of technical detail, or if we were publishing in a more lay journal,
for want of a better way of putting it, whether that would be a turn off because they just,
it depends, I suppose, who's going to review it? And what are they going to expect to see?
Because we talked about various journal articles, sorry, journal at which we talked
about the Journal of Modern Slavery, where I'm sure that I don't think it would be going,
well, I may not be right, then it might be going to statistical experts
in whatever technique we finally land on. So, because there is quite a lot of
prevalence estimation within the modern slavery literature, so there will be people who do have
statistical understanding. But I think you'd also mentioned was it POS, PLS? And really,
I don't know anything about what their readership would expect. They're pretty technical. So modern
slavery you're saying is a pretty technical, or at least they have technical competences?
Well, I think there is increasing interest in prevalence within the modern slavery literature.
There are recognised practitioners, I'm thinking of Clifford Zines at Nork,
they do a lot of prevalence estimation, they work in the modern slavery field,
so I would say if you're suggesting reviewers, it's that research group that potentially
I'd identify as being a potential reviewer. No, I'm taking notes, thank you. Okay, so
to make my life easy, it sounds like I'll start with just text, you know, point estimates,
confidence intervals, whatever. Personally, I'm very, very visual, so I think pictures are
easier to interpret for me than words, but it's also more work on my part. So it sounds like
I'll start with point estimates, confidence intervals, so the plain James, so to speak,
but vanilla I should say, ways of presentation, and then we can tweak from if we need to,
when we get closer to submission. Is that what I'm hearing? Is that sound right?
Yeah, I think I don't think I can add anything particularly helpful
to this conversation, other than just trying to tailor it to whatever outlet we go for.
Yeah, I do like diagrams, and I think Celine's already added a sort of representation of the
network. So something along those lines really helps to make the hard statistics more understandable.
So yeah, I agree with you that diagrams have great explanatory power.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay, okay, I'll, good, but that's not good. So I'll sort of, well,
I'll start and then, like I said, we can revisit this when we get closer to submission, but just,
no, that's helpful for me, that's very, very helpful for me. I think those are all my questions.
Let me double check, please. Oh, and you're right, I do, I haven't, there's this third
protractor, I'm getting increasingly excited by or about that I haven't done, which is this
combining the RDS with the, yeah, your 0.7, Caroline, exactly. Everything I've done and
we've talked about is very off the shelf, which is fine. I'm not at all, I mean, these are,
this is absolutely proper, but there is this, initially way back when I started talking about
this, you had this very cool idea to do in some estimation and talked and thought and Scott
thought some more and read some more and confused himself and, but yeah, there is,
there definitely is this way to combine the two. I haven't done it, it will be manual, but I'm,
I'm very excited by it, about it, mainly for the comparison, because, you know, all of these RDS
techniques are giving relatively the same, you know, 30, 40% depending on XYZ, whatever.
But there are all this class of estimators are all giving similar, but in my opinion,
really high estimates and really curious to see how this sort of, you know, this outsider,
this outsider in some method would, would, would compare. It's also cool because there's
a sense in which it's, it's, it's using more information that you already have in your sample,
which I think is, I'm always a huge fan of, of that, you know, using all the data that you can.
So I haven't done that. I don't know what your thoughts on, like, is that,
should I make that a priority? Is that, is the, is the RDS enough? Do you have any thoughts?
It sounds really exciting. I mean, it's, you've got the time to do it, but she's always,
we don't, we never have time to do anything. But if you want, if you find there is time,
then it sounds really exciting and really interesting. And that is where we started
this journey, trying to work out how to do nuisance. So to try and, if we, if we can,
if our data can say anything along those lines, that would be really exciting.
Yeah, I agree. And even if I'm, again, it depends on where we're going, but it's,
it's not like the Journal of the American Statistical Association. I mean, it's not,
what I'm trying to say is there is a, there is a methodological innovation here. It's not
huge. It's sort of taking this paper and taking this paper and recognizing that
they have the same D and I can use that, I can put them together. But I haven't seen it done.
And I think it's, I think it's a very cool idea to, to, to combine these two. And like,
like you said, Gerlain, like since, since, I mean, the information's there, it's sitting in our
Excel file, right? Like, why not? Okay. So if we're going to do that then, I might ask one
piece of help from Celine or whoever. And that's to code up the bootstrapping
procedure. So I can do the estimator, but we'll need to estimate the uncertainty.
And we know how to do that. It's with the paper that actually you
summarize and included, Gerlain, and your bootstrapping doc.
But we'll have to, we'll have to write that up in R. Can you do that,
Celine? Or is that not something you're comfortable with?
I can start looking into it.
Okay. That'd be great.
And then I will update you.
Wonderful. The,
Oh, that's a song.
I'll email you both with the, let me make notes here, bootstrap.
It, there's a lot already written. You've got a good head start in that, like, there's,
the paper is pretty readable. They have some supplementary information. They have some R code
already. So you, you're not starting from scratch, but it would, you will need,
well, we will need at some point to implement this for this particular method.
It would be a big help to me if I could do the estimation part and you could work on the
bootstrap part and then poof, and then press publish.
Can you, can you shout this paper again?
Yeah, absolutely. I'll share the paper and the, the supplemental information.
There is bootstrap. I'm just making notes to myself, but yeah, that's absolutely fine.
And I'm glad to hear that you're excited about the insum too,
Caroline. That, that's invigorating. That's, that, that, that, that helps, that helps me.
I like, I like that.
Yeah, that sounds really good.
I think, I think there's one thing we have missed from your,
from that list and your video. I don't think we've talked about number two,
which was,
Yes.
How, how we, how we've dealt with the don't knows in the data at the moment.
Good point.
And we perhaps need to, to code them slightly differently.
Perhaps as missing. I think that was your suggestion.
Yes. And so I've, I, and please do not take any offense whatsoever.
Slim, your, your, your, your recoding is, is absolutely, you know, invaluable.
But I did change it a little bit in that, I think, and please correct me if I'm wrong,
but I think you had been coding.
So, so, so the issue is there's, there's, there's these different categories that one can answer,
of course. And almost always one of the answers is don't know or not,
don't prefer, prefer not to say or what have you.
And slim, you had been coding those replies as an absence of exploitation, however measured
in whatever type of exploitation. And I've recoded those as just missing.
So you just take those observations out. Again, that's a bit conservative because that,
because by, wait, is it? No, it's anti-conservative. So the absence of, yeah. So, right, my bad.
That's anti-conservative because by removing the, by taking, okay, two options. People who say
don't know are not experiencing exploitation. People who say don't know are not in our analysis.
Here's Salim's initial way. Here's what I, what I'm suggesting. Now that I'm thinking about it,
I think my suggested way is, is, is anti-conservative because
relatively speaking, it'll look like there's more people in exploitation
using my method than Salim's method. Hmm. Interesting. Caroline, thanks for bringing
this up. I had, I missed this. Yes. So the question is, what do we want to do with the
don't knows? That's exactly right. Okay. I'm just following what you're saying about
if you take them out. I think that's right. And it makes things look
worse. Yeah, worse, worse, worse, right, right. I think that's right. Because they had been coded
as not experiencing exploitation. Exactly. Yeah, which is not really what we want to do. I suppose
by nature, I would be more conservative.
So we don't want, given that we've already got 30 to 40 percent of the population.
Yeah. We don't want to make it, make it look even worse. Yeah. So we could say that. We could say,
we're, here's what we're calling the don't knows. And by the way, that's conservative because
yeah, we're, because really we're making a judgment call. We just as easily could say, well,
no, actually the don't knows are experiencing exploitation. I mean, it's arbitrary, right?
Like how, how, how, so in, in putting it in the not experiencing
exploitation, counting them as not experiencing exploitation. Yeah, I agree with you, Caroline.
It's, it's making our, yeah, it's conservative because then our estimated proportion of those
experiencing, yeah, the estimate proportion would be small. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. My apologies,
Celine. I did, I, you had it right all along. My bad. My bad. No, it's really useful clarification
that so we could, and we just sort of being clear about what we're doing, but it's good that we
don't have to recode it. So yeah, no, that's great. I think we're airing on the side of caution. So
that seems to me the right way to, to be airing. Agreed. Brilliant. Thank you. I've been trying
to type up what we've agreed just on the same email. The only one I haven't got anything against
is six. What did we say? Oh, the six is just a statement, really.
You would just, the current method you've been using for analysis and what it does.
Yeah. So I finally sort of wrapped my head around these RDS math, sort of in, in, in a way that I
should have ages ago. And I sort of, I see what they're all, they're all, they're all doing the
same thing. And they're all just making a little bit of adjustments differently. And so what I'm
thinking of doing is saying, you know, when we review the literature, like, okay, here's,
here's all these various RDS methods. And yeah, they all have different assumptions.
And we're going to do all of them, but in the appendix. And here's the one that we're going to
pick to present, because in fact, actually the one, I found one even better than the SS,
RDS, or RDSSS, called the Model Assisted, I like it better at least. But the point is we have all
these sort of related methods, these RDS methods. And my thinking is to just pick one for presentation
in the main text, and then say, you know, see appendix, whatever, for, for comparison. And
the, the estimates really are quite different. And, but again, for us, the numbers are virtually
identical, weirdly. So, yeah, I know, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think that means something
about robustness, I think. That's my, that's not rigorous, but that's sort of my, my thinking is
that, or it could mean something else. And it could mean that that whole debate in the prevalence
literature is, is wrinkles on wrinkles on wrinkles, you know, is, is doesn't really matter. It could,
it could mean that the differences in the assumptions and the way that the different weights
are calculated doesn't really matter very much is what it could mean. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah.
But regarding point six, is that, is that, are we cool with me simply picking one for
presentation purposes? And then, you know, here's the Boltzmann-Hoff estimator, and here's the
Geil SS estimator, and here's the model assisted estimator, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
or, or should we, or alternatively, I guess we could just pick one and just justify it as
strongly as, as we can. I don't know. What do you think? Yeah. Yeah. I think we have to
have a reason for picking the one that we picked, but that's up to us. I'm happy to be guided by you
on that. That's very polite and very clever of you. They think that's very good, Caroline.
Well, the reason I'm, I'm a little bit hemming and hawing is that there's, there's basically two
that I think are sort of the clear. Yeah, exactly. And, and I don't really have a strong preference
on either. So that's, that's more homework for me, I suppose. The
Yeah. Yeah. Well, the homework bit is the justification, right? And like, I've got to pick
one. And so, right, so two are easy to justify with one of the two. I mean, again, at the end
of the day, subjectively doesn't, it's not going to matter because the all, but, but you're 100%
right. Like we got to pick one to use in the main text to show the results of, you know,
to do the bootstraps for them, whatever. So that's a, yeah, that's, that's,
all right. That's on me. That's on me. Very good. Very good. Thank you for bringing that up, Caroline.
Again, thank you for bringing that up. It's just brought up really great points. So thanks.
Right. I think we're there. Brilliant. It's really exciting. This is a lovely conversation to have
on a Friday. We should do it more often. I'd love to. Yeah.
Is it sensible to try and put a provisional meeting date in the diary, just in case
it keeps us sort of at least talking about when we can meet, even if we find nearer to the time
that we can't. And our Friday is generally okay for everybody. I can generally do a Friday.
Selim, you're nodding. Scott, this afternoon. It would have to be
definitely after one, likely. So this time is fine. Two is totally fine. But yeah, Friday after one.
So if I pop another date in a month's time,
or sooner, sooner, yeah. Okay. Then sort of three weeks, two weeks.
Selim, how much time do you have to, okay. Yeah. Anything's good for me. Well,
once I finish marking, anything's good with me, which should happen this weekend. So,
yeah, I'll have time this term. So whenever, it's fine for me.
All right, Selim, what did you say? Two or three weeks, which one would you like?
The 16th of February. Okay. Again, two p.m. or before noon, or before noon time.
It's okay. Two p.m. Yeah. Yeah. Let's put that in and we'll see what happens when we get there.
And we can always jiggle it about a bit if we need to. But yeah, that's super.
So for my tasks, before we end the conversation, I will do that coding up for the bootstrapping.
And Dr. Moser, you said you would share that paper with me and some information for what I should do
and how I do it. And Caroline, you mentioned earlier something about checking or rechecking
the composite measures. Yes. Yeah, recalculating the composite measure. I'll send you a one
page of what I think now ought to be in it. Okay, this will be helpful. Yeah. So I'll try and do
that as soon as I can, which probably means I have to try and do it this afternoon. And then we'll,
yeah. And then, yeah, if you can just recalculate a risk variable two, if we keep the original,
but we'll try another column with a revised composite and then we haven't lost anything.
But I think at the moment it's wrong as it stands for how we're conceptualizing the data.
Brilliant. Thanks, everyone. It's really nice to see you all and happy 2024. So all right,
we'll email and talk soon. Yeah, I'll send out the points of the note that I made so we've all
got a copy. Brilliant. Thanks, everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Bye.
Thank you.
