Okay, here are some thoughts on the paper with Caroline, aka C.E. First is the title. Can't we come up with a more clever, catchy-sounding title? Boy, that should be the very last thing. Next, the abstract. I need to make edits, but they should be edits and not wholesale replacements. Okay, moving on. Part 1. What's the point? So what do we do? So describe what we do. We perform an estimation of the prevalence of domestic workers in the U.K. experiencing some form of labor exploitation. Why is this important? Maybe some quotes from Zoe or the Home Office about measurement and meeting sustainable, whatever those U.N. development SDGs. So it's important for that. Okay, then, the literature, what's out there, and importantly, how do we differ? What is it that we do that advances the state of knowledge or the... the field that hasn't been done already? I don't know where this next part goes, but then how do we do this? So we do this with a novel sample, a novel respondent-driven sample, and perform a quantitative estimation of prevalence using a number of models, but largely loosely... well, sorry, specifically, using a number of estimators that broadly fit in two main distinct estimation techniques namely namely RDS based estimators both for Glutist and Bayesian and also in some network scale-up method models which use ego... egoistic information sorry, which RDS models use ego-based information so it uses information based on the characteristics of individuals that are in our sample along with other stuff like who referred you, when you were referred, etc. compared to in some models which use I'll call alter information which use information about who an individual in our sample knows and characteristics about the people in the social network of our respondents okay, so loosely those are the two main so C-section 4 for RDS C-section 5 for in-sum maybe we need to why these methods or maybe we should just say the novelty part of the novelty is using these two methods based on the same survey also regarding why does this matter okay, so also regarding what do we do we need to stress that what we do is very is very quantitative it's extremely quantitative based on this boutique novel survey see Ilmez and Emerson for more on the nature of the survey and and qualitative analysis thereof we take this quantitative approach using this novel survey yes that's what we do why is our approach new or different or better than previous approaches well boutique sample focusing on one particular sector yeah okay so part two one of the main contributions is at a conceptual level so we conceptualize experiencing modern slavery or being exploited experiencing labor exploitation in two qualitatively different ways first either an individual is or is not experiencing experiencing exploitation we have a number of indicators for that and going from sort of low to high or using different definitions but then separately we conceptualize labor exploitation in a continuous manner which can be thought of as a risk index so here the thinking is we're sampling from the set of domestic workers with a mobile phone in the UK we posit that all such members have some degree of being exploited maybe maybe that number is zero maybe it's not and we use we inductively and using expert knowledge a risk index measuring the likelihood or the exposure of an individual to exploitation for each of these conceptual izations we have multiple operationalizations that is to say variables and measurements okay then methodology broadly discuss RDS method no no first the sample so first discuss the sample show the nice picture maybe some descriptive statistics point them to Caroline's other paper then methodology in broad terms discuss how RDS works how information from social networks can be used likewise for in sum the distinction between these two and then let's move to results and discussions for events.  


HERE ARE SOME ADDITIONAL COMMENTS AND CONCERNS AND THOUGHTS:

Here are some additional thoughts, concerned about the paper that I think we should address prior to submission so that the main things are is it a good fit with the journal special edition seems to prioritize methods which we have conceptual innovations, which I think we can argue using multiple indicators, both dichotomous and contin this idea of a risk index is a very clever, conceptual move.  There are some resources you might want to look at for example, 16400 one all exposed to some degree of risk to take and eat it too two files  call 036320250207 CE.
Also, there are some relevant emails on is titled four star general article  when is car trouble in paradise?.

ALSO, workers voice, which I think we can also argue, especially if linked to Caroline's previous paper, especially under represented workers, voice vis-à-vis Filipino and Latinx domestic workers.  I on the other hand, would like to make sure that there is some eye to politics. Are there policy implications we can play up is their impact of the study that we can suggest?  I asked because I definitely want to specifically address criteria for the REF ref 2026 criteria if this gets reviewed.



More pedantically I need to include a very small review regarding methods. I definitely need to write the findings section and the discussion section.  Somewhere I don't know where I would like to include the methodological contribution regarding RDS and in some and point out the novel bootstrap procedure we have impleted.  I would also like to at least mention the in the method discussion that the note from ML notebook the difference in how social network is used, and these different prevalence estimates and perhaps mentioned this and presentation or discussion advertising of the new three stage estimate that we have implemented.  

The appendix should contain robustness that shouldn't contain various subsections sensitivity as one and model comparison as another yet another subsection in robustness should be data so sub setting data by groups next sub setting data by suspicious data points. What happens if we remove them.