Date: 20230721
Subject: Re: G-NSUM and Modern Slavery in the UK

Dear Professor Moser,

I must apologise for the delay in responding to your email, which arrived at a busy time. to address the questions that you posed:

Selim and I are in the process of analysing the survey responses that we received. We hope to be in a position to use GNSUM techniques on our data and to estimate a figure for the extent of labour exploitation across the domestic worker population in the UK. This is ambitious, we know, and this is very much an exploratory undertaking to see if it can be done with the type of primary data we have collected and the available secondary data related to the wider DW population. 

The point of contact for our survey has been primarily national DW NGOs. Specifically, we have dealt with the voice of domestic workers, and two community-based NGOs supporting respectively Filipina and Latin American workers. These tend to be based in London and so we anticipate a London bias to our sample. As Domestic workers are employed by and as individuals, in private households we have chosen to focus our initial analysis upon their employment status rather than geography.

I would be very interested in keeping in touch with you as the 'comparative measurement project' develops - so do please keep in touch. Selim and I will be drafting our report over the next couple of weeks, with a view to developing a methodological paper in the Autumn. I hope that we may also keep you uptodate with our progress as these develop.

Best wishes

Caroline




Dr Caroline Emberson (preferred pronouns she/her)

Nottingham Research Fellow, Rights Lab

 

Nottingham University Business School OMIS/ Faculty of Social Science
University of Nottingham

A20, Highfield House

University Park

Nottingham, NG7 2RD

 

+44 (0) 115 8283072 | caroline.emberson@nottingham.ac.uk

 

 

Follow us

Facebook.com/UniofNottingham

Twitter.com/UniofNottingham

Youtube.com/nottmuniversity

Instagram.com/uniofnottingham

Linkedin.com/company/university-of-nottingham

Foursquare.com/uniofnottingham

 


From: Scott Moser (staff) <ldzsm2@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk>
Sent: 21 July 2023 12:19
To: Caroline Emberson (staff) <lizce@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk>; Selim Yilmaz <ldxsy3@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk>
Subject: RE: G-NSUM and Modern Slavery in the UK 
 
Dear Dr. Emberson and Selim,

 

Sorry for the multiple emails, but in addition to my July 5th email (below), I would be very interested to know which NGOs you are working with.  Selim mentioned the necessity of partnering so as to have access to the ‘seeds’ in an RDS design.  Just curious. 

 

Many thanks and hope you are enjoying the summer!

 

Best,

Scott

 

 

From: Scott Moser (staff) 
Sent: Wednesday, July 5, 2023 4:11 PM
To: Caroline Emberson (staff) <lizce@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk>; Selim Yilmaz <ldxsy3@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk>
Subject: G-NSUM and Modern Slavery in the UK

 

Dear Dr. Emberson and Selim,

 

Thank you again for your input an participation in the workshop Zoe kindly organized for my (nascent) 'Comparative Measurements' project idea.  I am writing to ask a few things.  First, how is your G-NSUM research project going?  I am very interested in your work, and how you are finding the research + surveys + sampling from the 'hidden population.'   i don't want to step on anyone's toes, but I'd love to both know more about this project, and also pick your brains.  Where -- as in which location -- are you sampling from (and why)?  Which NGOs are you working with?   Do you have any suggestions regarding the 'right' geographic 'level' to use (e.g. council, county/borough, region)?

Next, would you be interested in being involved with the 'Comparative Measurements' project?  I recognize I am still in the early stages, and that I need to flesh things out considerably.  But it would seem to me to be an ideal 'fit' for you both to be involved.  But no presure 🙂

 

In any event, I hope you and yours are doing well and enjoying your summer!

 

Best,

scott

 

 

